Add Security Label & Apply `rules.tsv` IGNORES to Zap Scan (#199)
jeremyckahn/chitchatter: README.md

Per [#36](https://github.com/jeremyckahn/chitchatter/issues/36), check your `about:config` settings and ensure that `media.peerconnection.enabled` is **enabled**.

##### Security

> Chitchatter undergoes weekly security audits to identify and address potential vulnerabilities. Reports from all audits can be found in the **Issues** section
> by filtering labels for security and reports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chitchatter undergoes [weekly security audits](https://github.com/jeremyckahn/chitchatter/blob/develop/.github/workflows/security.yml) to identify and address potential vulnerabilities. Reports from all audits can be found in [the **Issues** section filtered by the `security` label](https://github.com/jeremyckahn/chitchatter/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Asecurity).
```
